hi everyone my name is Tas tungus I'm
founder and general partner at Theory
Ventures thrilled to be here with you
all and our illustrious panel of guests
today we're talking about how data and
AI are changing the way that
applications are built uh we got an
incredible group of people here uh
starting with Jordan tagani and Sharon
Xiao and Maggie and would love to just
kick things off by having them introduce
themselves and we'll jump right into the
agenda Jordan do you want to take it
away yeah sure I'm uh co-founder and CEO
at at mother duck we're building
analytics uh engine based on open source
duct TB I helped create Google big query
LED them for Led that for almost 10 or
as part of it for almost 10 years uh
before uh before starting starting
mother duck about a year ago hi everyone
I'm Sharon uh I'm the co-founder and CEO
of lini uh we're making it easy for
Enterprise uh customers to be able to
fine-tune their own llms most recently I
was computer science faculty at Stanford
teaching generative AI um where I also
got my PhD with Andrew a I teach about a
quarter million professionals online uh
generative models uh fine-tuning llms
most recently um and very excited to be
here today hi everyone my name is Maggie
hot I'm on the leadership team at open
aai in particular over seeing the team
that is bringing chat gbt Enterprise to
Market we launched uh about 10 days ago
uh prior to this I spent two years at
webflow building out the sales team
there and then prior to that six and a
half years at slack uh from the very
first in sales hire out of headquarters
all the way through acquisition to
Salesforce incredible background well
I'm really excited to talk to you all
today about the way that data and AI are
changing the way that applications are
built it's just been incredible last six
months look at the rapid pace of
innovation within llms how they're
really transforming a lot of the
different ways that people are using
software and maybe Jordan we can start
with you at the data layer you built
you're commercializing duct B one of the
most popular databases now in the world
super high performance performance and
memory database how are you seeing AI
change the the way that applications are
built and the way that people are using
data um so to start out with that was a
little bit of like a resistor thinking
well you know this isn't really going to
change change change our world it's you
know maybe it's changing a lot of other
things but uh uh then I was talking to
somebody who was he was giving a course
on data thinking uh at at Princeton uh
and he was you know teaching people how
to ingest data how to uh query their
data how to visualize their data um but
he wasn't teaching them any programming
languages uh he wasn't teaching them SQL
and he wasn't using like higher level
tools that can automatically kind of do
this stuff for you he was just using
chat GPT to generate python code to
ingest the data to generate sequel
statements to generate like the then the
python you know visualization
visualization stuff and I'm like wow
like you know and this was like this was
a few months ago when chbt had just been
out and I just you realized that like
yeah this is going to change who who can
who can do who can do this stuff um and
and also change the skills that people
are going to need and and the tools that
you're going to need to to build um so I
think that's the one side of things and
the other side of things is just the um
you know developers people who are
building things with uh you know that
need access to data are going to be
changing how they how they access that
data I think the V1 is like the you know
Vector databases uh but sort of I don't
even think we know necessarily what what
V2 is going to like because okay you get
those you know those those vectors
vectors out okay what do you what do you
do with them how do you actually access
um access your data stores and relate
that to um relate that to what you're
getting out of the models so I think
there's a whole big area of of unknowns
and and exciting possibilities there
yeah I mean one of the things you
touched on there that I think is really
important is how much llms are
democratizing technology it's really
much easier for someone who's maybe not
be as sophisticated would see sequel to
suddenly start asking and answering
questions of their data in ways that
would have taken them 3 6 12 months to
learn beforehand it's it's an incredible
uh
phenomenon um and it's being adopted
broadly within the Enterprise right
Sharon I mean you're seeing this we're
seeing this just kind of across the
board you look at the total number of
customers that are starting to use
Microsoft's open AI technology has 3x I
think in the last quarter in the
reporting H how are you seeing
Enterprises start to adopt some of these
Technologies and how are they manage it
it's there's a lot of Technology here it
can be complex there's there's tuning
there's lots of different components to
it what are you seeing in the Market at
lamini yeah I think even just zooming
back out at a technical level I think
actually public data is running out for
all all of what llms can take advantage
of um so actually the next Frontier for
llms is in Enterprises and I believe the
best llms um for this next next wave
essentially will be Enterprise llms
um and the Enterprises that I'm seeing
that are you know at the Forefront of
this they have started to adopt um
techniques around fine tuning their
models to personalize models for every
single user and every single customer of
theirs where the data doesn't actually
leak between those customers but the
model is highly personalized according
to their access controls for data um and
just any kind of complex any kind of
complexity around their data slices and
use cases uh so that's what I'm seeing
and it's honestly really exciting to see
this because this will further
democratize all the possible use cases
that can be out there you know far
beyond what what I can I know even
imagine um yeah so okay so what we're
starting to see we're meeting lot some
eventure capitalist we meet lots and
lots of different businesses they're
starting to offer these software that's
enabled with AI and there's a question
that we're sort of wrestling within the
ecosystem which is who TR who like is it
is it the vendor who's responsible for
actually op optimizing and or is it are
there people inside of the business that
are subject matter experts are you
seeing any Trends on like which side is
going to be responsible or mostly
responsible for optimization yeah so
there's definitely this tension between
the two where you know AI expertise um
you know it might take a couple hundred
top AI researchers to be able to train
some of these models such as an open AI
um however I believe that and this is
based on my experience training these
models it's actually the domain experts
will be driving the best models out
there it won't be people like me who can
actually do all the model training Etc
all the infrastructure will be built out
such that more people can actually uh
Define the trajectory of these models
and as we saw with chat gbt with more
people being able to use these models
they thought of way more creat creative
different use cases than like I and a
silo with a few other AI researchers can
think of so I think the trend we're
seeing is uh really you know the the
typical developer the infrastructure
developer even the front-end developer
all these developers are able to who are
able to uh access that data and be able
to manipulate that data are the ones who
can actually help develop the trajectory
of these models and do the fine-tuning
um and actually build out this next
generation of llms for the Enterprise
yeah that's a great segue Maggie you're
in the center of the World open AI
basically catalyzed big chunk of this
movement you recently launched open AI
for Enterprise can you tell us what was
that like what what what are you seeing
in the market what's what sort of
Revelations can you share yeah
absolutely so I will actually break this
down into three things I'll share with
you all a bit about our journey to
building chat gbt Enterprise over the
last you know few months um I'll also
share with you some of the learnings and
kind of use cases and and what we
learned from working with our design
partners and then finally I'll share a
bit about what is coming uh which we
really excited about so uh I was hired
on to open aai in April really with the
mission of building out the go to market
team for chat gbt Enterprise we knew it
was something that we were going to
build and that was because when chat GPT
launched early last December all of a
sudden we started seeing millions and
millions of knowledge workers using this
tool every single day for their jobs but
then you have kind of the the AG old
security privacy it side of the house
that is saying whoa we don't want our
corporate data being put into these
models and trained on these models so we
put our heads together and said let's
build an Enterprise version of this that
has things like data training turned off
SSO skim I mean all the enterpris
features sock2 CCPA gdpr all the
acronyms so when we set out to really
launch this what we decided to do was to
select a pretty ver big variety of
design Partners so for example Amgen PWC
Bane samsar we decided to go as wide as
we could with different Industries uh
and use cases quite frankly because we
wanted to see how Healthcare uses this
tool how does banking use this tool how
does Consulting use this Tool uh so we
worked really closely with them behind
the scenes of course you know under some
pretty Mega NDA lockdowns for the last
few months to understand what is it that
the market wants to see for a V1 launch
throughout this there was a really big
learning that came out to us and it was
the important
of developing alongside your customers
the idea behind really strong use cases
enablement training I think when we
started off we just kind of assumed oh
everybody knows how to use chat GPT but
then we realized everybody uses it in a
different way uh that they've kind of
created themselves so we've been
thinking very deeply about how do we
work with these design partners and now
the world to develop very specific
tailored use cases to their Industries
to their persona is chat GPT can be used
by every single vertical every single
company every single Department within a
company it's just mind-blowing um so
that was a really big learning for us
was really invest in customer success
type work early on we set up slack
connect channels we asked these design
Partners to have weekly syncs we sent
out surveys to all of their beta users
uh and so we feel really good about what
we launched last week and we've also
been quite public with our road mapap
and what we're building here um which I
think is also quite unique normally
companies are a bit KY uh and we've
shared pretty broadly that the single
biggest thing that we are working on
right now is this idea of customization
so the imagine being able to have your
entire company's Corpus of data or all
of your own personal data infused in
with chat GPT Enterprise and basically
being able to query you know all of my
top sales deals what were common Trends
across them and having that all come
back for you um the other thing that we
are also building right now which is
really exciting is a business version so
more of a self- serve version for smbs
we realized you know we went out of the
gates with Enterprise but a lot of times
smbs just don't quite need all the
Enterprise features that we launched uh
so there's just been pretty huge demand
from smbs from startups from Founders to
be able to adopt this the use cases are
endless uh code interpreter which is now
renamed Advanced data analytics is
probably the most powerful tool I've
ever seen in my life you can essentially
ingest in hundreds of thousands of rows
of data or spreadsheets I think about it
as a super calculator um I use it
personally for looking at leads looking
at you know sales data analysis
opportunities win loss rates everything
and it basically just synthesizes
anything that would typically take
someone a day to parse through in
minutes um and then down to the Bare
Bones of like
recapping customer calls feeding in
transcripts from gong and having it
analyze that and then write a next steps
follow-up email that is like beautifully
perfect personalized and tailored which
would have taken me half hour per email
before I can now do in 10 seconds that's
amazing I think the the point that you
hit there that solution sale where you
have to take something that's a general
purpose real Innovation and really solve
an End customer problem that's what
we're seeing in the ecosystem today it's
like people we really excited about the
Technologies and
industry but we need to figure out okay
what is the problem that the end user
really needs to solve Sharon Jordan are
you starting see like are you focused on
individual personas when you think about
taking your products to Market or seeing
different use cases arise um I think to
we you know there's the there's the sort
of developer Persona and I think those
uh um you I think the way those I mean
as you mentioned that everybody uses
chat GPT in a different way so the
developer is going to use it in a
different way than an analyst is going
to use it and and which is different
than a data scientist and and I think I
think yeah there's going to have to be
different different tooling for uh for
for for each one of those we're
hyperfocused on the developer um so the
software engineer uh someone who can
actually deploy a real app in production
um and we're just really focused on
getting
these basically production use cases out
and we believe that the the software
engineer who sits most closely to their
production apps will be the one to do
that and we've been finding that they're
able to um leverage data really
effectively and efficiently they're able
to hook up their internal systems whe
that whether that be recommendation
systems or search systems into these
models as well so they're they're just
very capable at pulling together all of
these different apis and continually
improving these models um on a schedule
and so we're hyperfocused on this
Persona um but I'm also really excited
to see just so many people be able to
use this
technology yeah that's been a big change
I mean 10 years ago the way I thought
about the data stack was you systems
that produce data and then they would
put put it into like lot of data
warehouses or data lakes and then there
were three consumers there was the bi
use case exploratory data use case and
then there was machine learning you're
trying to build data products and now it
really seems like those those machine
learning Engineers or that functionality
is becoming part of the core product be
becoming part of the core workflow right
like mag you talked about gong like
analyzing those sales calls that's part
of the product and so the machine
learning Engineers are now starting to
be put into the path of production and
there's this blend there's this mix
between okay you've got a classic
software engineer who's used to shipping
Cod with like cicd and the classic
workflow and then you have machine
learning experts and and bringing in
different Technologies right whether
it's like data caching or customized
models or off-the-shelf apis and you're
putting it into production it seems like
there there's a merger there of of two
personas that historically have been
separate and like the landscape is sort
of rising up to how do we enable those
people to be as effective as they can be
using things that maybe their expertise
is sort of out of their domain so you
need a higher level of abstraction is
that what you're seeing in Market Maggie
yeah absolutely yeah and I think that's
incredibly important actually merging
those two together because historically
um maybe to give a fun anecdote one of
my friends used to lead engineering at
Uber and um so thousand person
engineering team and what he found was
the machine learning team you know was
building models in Python notebooks that
were obviously then had to be sent to
the production team to then um you know
like ship it into your into all of our
apps uh and one time because Uber was
you know moving very fast let's put it
that way uh they had like just fired the
person who ran this other model so they
had to literally go find the person's
personal laptop open up the python
notebook rerun the data on these like a
few states where they had to like have
an updated model and then somehow rip
that model out and thank God they found
that laptop and put it into production
and now it's shipped on our phones and
that is an insane process that's super
brittle um and I guess another anecdote
is just uh you know it's really it's
really hard to get some of these systems
up and in machine learning you know a
lot of AI people are like yeah we push
the performance of this model and we
Define performance as accuracy or you
know accuracy along these like General
benchmarks maybe it's sixth grade
science questions or something um but a
production software team will look at
that and say that's not performance to
me I also care about the speed the
latency of you know this AP I call you
can't give me a better model and give me
a 100x Slowdown of this model because
I'm putting it in an autocomplete um
type of interface that's not going to
work and so I think merging these teams
together bringing them together is
really important to actually shipping
these models in production and I think
historically it's largely been this like
R&D team with a really thin line to
production and oftentimes failing that
and only only very few teams could
succeed at that before but I think now
many more teams will be able to succeed
at that and it's just really exciting
for for AI more broadly yeah yeah and I
think as those as those teams are
merging there's you know there's this
sort of interesting debate which is what
is the lingua franka um of you know what
what language are people going to be
writing in is it you know like there's
is it python or or is it is it English
and so as as people start to be able to
use just English natural language to do
some of the tasks that were in the other
other Camp I think that also can help
accelerate that that merger even if sort
of maybe fully getting towards you know
you describe your program as sort of
like an English language paragraph and
have that turn into a production system
maybe that's a little bit further
further off but I think as you start to
kind of peel off workloads it can just
help those teams merge that's the thing
that's so exciting me you think about
Microsoft Office 330 million paying Subs
whatever let's say a third of them use
Excel all those people want to be able
to access some more sophisticated data
within the organization they want to
analyze it like you said like
historically they've really needed to
learn either like VBA or SQL it's a
language not everybody really knows but
now if they can start to speak English
you really have sort of the power of
data now being exposed to I don't know
10x 100x greater the population it's
pretty incredible so just as we've seen
I mean we've talking about on the
technical side of an organization you
really see a big transformation in
what's happening Maggie you're a sales
leader like how is how are you seeing
llms and these applications change the
way that companies are starting to go to
market what's going on on in the front
of the house yeah um I think it's best
to start with a bit about how sales has
changed over the last few years because
every year it seems to be there's a new
Step um and I think the the short of it
is that AI is going to fundamentally
change how the sales role operates and
looks and it already has we're already
well into that 2017 2018 it was pretty
easy to prospect into companies you know
prospecting is kind of the bread and
butter of any sales organization to
generate opportunities in customers um
then all of a sudden you have these
tools of sales Loft and Outreach which
come out and just take prospecting
mainstream so then all of a sudden sales
reps are sitting there saying what do I
need to do next to get in front of
buyers The Next Step was personalization
so years ago personalization wasn't even
a thing last few years it's been all
about how do I research this company
this customer this person did we go to
the same school what can we kind of
connect on together well now llms have
made it so research and personalization
can be done less than a minute in less
than a minute you can have chat gbt or
Jasper or any of these other tools that
are out there right now go write an
email that sounds very personalized and
tailored but was actually written by an
llm so now this kind of next era of
sales and sales orgs has to really be
thinking deeply about how to interact
with the customer no longer can you get
on a call and ask somebody you know a
million Discovery questions you have to
show up to that call with a strong point
of view with how your your product is
going to save this company money or
solve their pains or whatever their
mission is um and the beauty about llms
is now they can help you do that
research in advance so back in the day
when I was a sales rep I used to spend
two to three hours before a big meeting
even more researching and prepping and
practicing my Discovery questions and
coming up with a value hypothesis now
that time can be significantly reduced
to maybe 20 minutes max and you can
literally have the llm be role playing
with you of the questions that you are
going to ask and the value statements
that you're going to bring and now I
have you know LMS also on the other side
of it are going to save so much time for
the sales professional in terms of
administrative tasks no longer are the
days of writing as I mentioned long
follow-up emails or logging your notes
into Salesforce you can literally feed
as we talked about transcriptions from
gong directly into there and use prompt
engineering to write these beautiful
summaries there's all the new tools that
are building slide decks for you which
is wild so you're be able to save on the
administrative side of things but the
sales rep in this day and age and sales
teams have to really step up with their
value selling do you think that changes
the structure of a sales org at all or
do you think we stay with like the SDR
AE model I think we stay with it for now
and I think AI I think sales teams and
companies that adopt AI are going to
signific ly outpace those ones that
don't so I actually think now like the
common sales rep should be doing
everything they can to actually learn
prompt engineering to learn how to
leverage AI in their day-to-day to make
them so much more efficient I think
maybe someday the model changes but I
don't think we're at that day just yet
what what so we're all sales people
right if you're AE of sales or you're a
salesperson you're a venture capitalist
we're all selling something think these
tools like you said they open up like
enrichment Discovery how are you using
using llms in your day-to-day in order
to improve your life are there tools
that sort of stand out for you where
you've seen a complete Game
Changer anything kind of come to
mind are you asking me um yeah I I think
um I mean I think certainly like people
that are interacting with data it it's
changing their lives you know one of the
things I do a lot of is I I do a lot of
uh slide decks and like you know things
like things like mid journey and and
generative AI make it so much easier to
have like the right image and yeah maybe
sometimes people are you know have too
many fingers or there's like ducks with
like without wings or like kind of wonky
eyes but uh I think as as the technology
gets a little better and perhaps like
the the operator gets a little better at
like prompt engineering um you know
those those kinds of quirks will go away
well with mother duck I mean you've done
an incredible job making that such an
iconic part of your brand I could
imagine getting the duck anatomically
correct really really important yeah it
is
important um I think one thing that you
know we were analyzing our data when it
came to all our marketing blog posts or
like tweets everything going out and
there was a 10x increase in anything
with an image right and so it's was just
much more engaging for people to
actually you know have Impressions on
and so um we found that just spending
some time on Mid Journey was worth more
than spending time on the blog post in
any single way like hands down just like
spend a few a few extra minutes here
prompt engineering or or really just
like generating an image of your choice
and clicking through them versus
actually writing out the blog post that
no one's going to read um so I I think
like that was a really big uh big lift
for us when it came to when it came to
marketing
specifically yeah just piling on I those
images are super helpful I I was
unfortunately sued for using an image
where I didn't have the rights and so I
learned a very important lesson and so
now all most of the images on the on the
blog post that I write are mid Journey
generated because now I can be confident
that I'm not going to get myself into
legal hot water again uh with rights
issues yeah go more into that story I'm
kidding well so I mean you know I was
like I
was I you want a hero image right like
you look through like the clickthrough
rates and the dwell times and so I was
using Google and there's a there's a
filter on Google where you can search
for things that are um Comm Creative
Commons license and so I found an image
on the Google search results that
ostensibly was licens with Creative
Commons turns out actually somebody owns
the rights of the image which I was
notified later and so now at least with
like a synthetic image you can be
totally confident that effectively I
don't know what the L latest legislation
is but nobody owns the image or I at
least own the image so that's been a
huge help do use anything daily Maggie
that really sort of where you see like a
pretty meaningful Improvement in your
your dayto
day I would say chat gbt Enterprise but
that's a not a fair one um I have been
uh the last few years there's just no
tool that's better than gong uh gong is
a sales leader gong is getting ramped up
as a sales rep or a new hire gong for
product I mean as we've been building
chat gbt Enterprise we would love to
have our product leaders on every single
call it's just not realistic so we can
literally take Snippets out of gong and
share all the common feature requests we
can drop in hashtags I mean I've I'm on
gong's website on like from my previous
company of speaking about them but there
is just no better tool out there than uh
gong so i' say chat chbt Enterprise
slack and gong are the three tools that
I use for many hours every day yeah
that's awesome we do the same thing when
we meet Founders we record the
conversation so we don't have to ask
them to repeat and we're starting to
save all that information and produce
llms on top that summarize diligence and
we produced our first investment memo
summary from an llm wow and so we can
just start to see like as we gather more
and more this information we we can
accelerate some of the things that are
wrote within the org um the other thing
that's been really useful for us is blog
titles so you know I think about like
llms I mean there the incredible things
where they're taking the sum total of
like human knowledge that we've put on
the Internet or the data sets that we've
trained and then they can kind of
replicate them and you think about all
of the amount of human effort that's
gone into optimizing blog titles that's
all on the internet right and it's all
encoded Within These llms and so if I
take like a blog post that I've written
and then I ask one of these models to
produce like three or four suggested
blog post titles I actually get three to
four times better click-through rates on
the titles because I'm aggregating all
that that knowledge so that's been
that's been a big big help for me
awesome yeah okay so to bring us home
would love like quick take where do you
see the for your particular company like
where will we be in three years how will
llms have actually changed your
business so I'm going to a little bit of
a cop out on this one and it was it was
an answer that um a Founder um colleague
of mine uh gave which is before chat GPT
he can sort of look at look five years
out into his business and be like okay I
can see the road and I can see like you
know where we're going and I'm pretty
sure like we're going to be successful
and then um and then like chat GPT comes
along and like this Cloud comes over the
road and you just you can't really see
more than 5et out in front of you
because like you know as as uh you open
AI May release something that you know
makes something totally irrelevant or
make make make it so that developers or
analysts start to use some some sort of
uh other other technology I think the
only thing that um you know I think is
clear is that people will people will be
doing things differently their jobs will
be different I think for example like um
the data space has sort of started to
aggregate into these different job
titles analytics engineer like somebody
who uses DBT you know data engineer
somebody who you know munges data
analysts uh Etc but kind of as all of
that stuff can be done with prompts like
like I think that there's going to be
another I think there's going to be a
reshuffling of those of those
roles makes sense I think every
Enterprise will have their own llms and
I think what that'll enable is you know
in every single Market there are domain
experts for example like sales um
they're domain experts and what an llm
does is it becomes a scalable domain
expert and so for that Market there will
be scalable domain experts for every
single type of expertise tailored to
every single type of customer and user
and so I I find that really really
exciting so I I think that'll
dramatically transform job roles moving
forward um and that'll dramatically
change how basically how businesses need
to operate and who they need to even
bring on and hire um yeah Maggie in 60
seconds or less predict the future for
us um my I can't comment on open AI road
map uh but what I can say and what
something that I'm the most excited
about in terms of an industry that is
going to get completely upended is
education just last week I was with the
CIO of ASU and he has these huge plans
to bring AI tutor Bots and Ai coursework
and really democratize the future of
education so that anywhere in the world
has equal and Equitable access to
education and I think that's going to be
one of the biggest impacts this world
has ever seen is everything that's going
to happen with AI and education it's
going to be just absolutely Bonk I could
not agree with you more I mean I I think
that the thing that we've noticed across
a bunch of different companies is if you
have somebody who's new to a space new
to domain and that could be math or
calculus or biology it could also be SQL
or data engineering if you can give them
access to an llm the quick feedback
loops and a super patient instructor
where you can say like I don't
understand it or show me this or the
other day I had written a line of bash
code and I had forgotten what it was
like what I like chat GPT like what what
was it that I actually wrote in this
piece of code and explains it to you
it's an incredible incredible tool
awesome thank you everybody big round of
applause for our incredible guest thank
you so much for joining me today so
grateful thank you thank you very much
everyone